Okay, overview of the magnetic Laplacian.

Where does the magnetic Laplacian come from? 

We start with an electron on a plane where we have a grid-like crystal structure.
The probability of finding the electron in various places is given by the 
dx / dx = H x(t) so that x(t) = exp(tH) (0) for the Hamiltonian, 
which, of course, is just the 2d Laplacian in this case. 

Left demo -- the "angled plane view" with no magnetic field.
Right demo -- a repeating video of the probabliity of finding the electron 
(started from a tight Gaussian in the center). 

A paper of Harper considers what happens when you put this into a magnetic field. 
A charged particle -- an electron -- moves in a circle in such a field. 
So how does this interact with with the 2d lattice? 

When we turn on the magnetic field, B, that's perpendicular to the plane
(Demo now shows a )

Now, we turn on a magnetic field perpendicular to the lattice. 
The new Hamiltonian 

We need to show a 5x5 Hamiltonian with edge weights giving how the phases change as you
traverse an edge. These choices are somewhat arbitrary. All we need is that any 
square here needs to have the same "phase change" because that's what matters for the
physics. 

If you ask an LLM about this, you'll get a lecture on gauge functions, etc., but I'm 
trying to keep this simple. 

---

Next slide: 

Okay, so the origin is these Laplacian-like Hamiltonian operators.
We want to vary phi/q and show how the edge weights of the 5x5 graph change. 



--- 

Now we can go in a couple of different ways to generalize this. 
Case 1: we use edge weights! 
Given a graph G and some weight w_{ij}
for each edge, then the construction is:

Case 2. we use "simple" objects. 
There are a few cases. For things like infinite lattices, you can use group actions
and a simple graph (Sumida).

--- 

The problem is! Our input are graphs. 

We can vary phi/q an
The 

---

Okay, so tractable differences:
- The magnetic adjacency matrix we use is 
a little different from a few other objects.

- It's different from the Moher & Guo Hermitian
matrix where bidirectional edges are 1, and directed 
edges get a phase of i / -i (depending on which direction) 

- There is no simple graph G that will give us back the
Hamiltonian for Harper's original electron in the plane 
scenario. 